I didn’t like the way things happened. There were so many things left unsaid from my side, and I wanted to make you deal with what happened. I may be wrong, but right now, this feels right.

I like you. I always have.

When I saw that message, I made an assumption I shouldn’t have, and that was wrong. I’m sorry. It wasn’t hate or betrayal that crossed my mind it was just the feeling that I never got to tell you how I truly feel about you. Now that I have, I had hoped it would be a huge baggage off.
.

I know you didn’t ask for this, and I know you don’t want to deal with it right now. All I ask is that you read this and delete it.

I can’t shake this feeling. I want to, but I just can’t I don’t even know why. I tried to internalize everything I could and even tried to distance myself, just to get rid of this overwhelming feeling. I value our friendship so much, and I don’t want this to feel heavy. I just couldn’t keep it inside any longer.

I’m not looking for an answer. I just needed you to know. If you don’t feel the same, I understand and I’ll respect that.

You just put everything aside and didn’t deal with it. I dropped a this on you, and you just said “okay” and moved on. Don’t you feel anything? Be mad at me. Say something. Don’t just listen and walk away it hurts even more. I’m not asking for an answer, I just need to know it meant something to you.

I want to let of the feelings. I know we can’t be together it doesn’t feel right. But as long as there’s a small window open, as long as I keep hoping that if I just give a little morewe might end up together, that silent hope keeps killing me. I’m tired and exhausted.

And please, don’t ever take this the wrong way. Everything I’ve done for you, every time I’ve been there for you it was never with the intention that we might end up together.

I think you know how you feel about me now, and I don’t think time is going to change that.

i know how you feel to be on the receiving end of that , its not a nice feeling , knowing you dont feel the same way for someone and you cant force yourself to and its okay

I know I’m one of the people you can count on, and that’s always going to stay the same.

